
LEARNING: Spring framework,
    Spring has 3 main components that are exposed through the use of Annotations:
        -Controller Annotations (Route Request and response for business logic processing) (@Controller)
        -Service Annotations  (business logic processing - actions ) (@Service)
        -Repository Annotations (@Repository - data persistence with database)

LEARNING: JPQL is NOT SQL. JPQL is query language written from the perspective of Java Objects,
            whereas SQL is written from a database object perspective
            SQL: "select * from goals", JPQL: "select g from Goals g"

LEARNING: JPA is a specification for accessing, persisting, and managing data between Java Objects and a relational
            database. It has a sql-like language call JPQL - java persistence query language

LEARNING: Hibernate is used to map Java Objects to Relational databases. There is only a mediocre solution because of
    fundamental Object-Relational Impedance Mismatch principal.  There will always be gaps in the mapping that leads
    to less elegant solutions.
    nevertheless it is used in the industry, thus I must be familiar with this technique. and learn-ing should continue.
    There are competing solutions such using NoSql database.  As part of training, I should see how using NoSql can
    solve this Object-to-Persistence problem.

LEARNING:  In Brief: Advantages and Disadvantages of Using ORM
     FOR:
         -let the developer think in terms of objects rather than tables
         -no need to write SQL code
         -many advanced features like lazy loading
         -database independent: No need to write code specific to a particular database
         -reduces code and allows developers to focus on their business logic, rather than complex database queries
         -various ORMs provide a rich query interface
     AGAINST:
         -complex (because they handle a bidirectional mapping). Their complexity implies a grueling learn-ing curve –
         they have a special query language which developers have to learn
         -provides only a leaky abstraction over a relational data store
         -usually systems using an ORM perform badly (due to naive interactions with the underlying database)
         -ORM, by adding a layer of abstraction, speeds up the development but adds overhead to the application

LEARNING: ORM only provides a **leaky*** abstraction over a relational data store, meaning it is not a completion
            solution
          usually systems using an ORM perform badly (due to naive interactions with the underlying database)


LEARNING: When to USE ORM
        SAY YES TO ORM:
          it is intended for OLTP applications  (transaction orientated, small batches)
        SAY NO TO ORM:
          not intended for batch processing (large set of data being transacted, like bulk transformations)
          not recommended where there is a need to perform huge analysis

LEARNING: NoSql
    problem is that NoSql is not standardized, you have to learn new language with different vendors. Where as SQL
    is standardized across the industry
    NoSql is usually distributed Database, make it difficult to integrate to simple apps
    Most NoSql don't need to support transactions
